To display our group's progression along with our findings in our topic we have elected to create a data application using the streamlit python library to accomplish this goal.  The python library streamlit is a relatively new library that has given the power to Data analyst and Data Scientist the ability to create, standup, as well as deploy fully working data applications within minutes. We have chosen to use this medium for our final presentation for the project because we wanted to go with a more elegant/streamlined approach than the conventional jupyter notebook and powerpoint slides. 

With the use of this application, we are able to combine both slides and coded notebooks into one entity. Our group has decided that we will split up the application into three sections. The first section contains all three phases of our project's PowerPoint presentation structured in three expanded vertical fields. These three expanded fields will give the user of the application the ability to hide/show different phases of the project they would like to view. By default, all phases are expanded to view, but later can be hidden/collapsed if the user clicks on the plus icon (+) in the right of the field. Under the phases of the project, you will then see the reference and related work portion of the page where you will see all the academic articles/books we reviewed for this project to help aid our conclusion. 

Once the user is finished reviewing the home page you are able to toggle to either the Machine learning or Deep  Learning section, where you will be able to see our models and results. For both the ML and DL section you will see the code both in the foreground and background meaning anything that is outputted will be displayed from the code running in the background. Then you will see the actual code used to create the outcome in a clipboard style format. This will give the user the ability to copy our code and recreate the application for themselves. The application was created to replace the standard way of how we present our project findings. 

Please note that in the folder there is the data application it self and an image folder for the graphs. Our graphs were created with matplotlib which is not yet intregated with streamlit so we had to screenshot the charts. When donwloading the application please be mindful of the image sections as you will have to download the folder of pictures and place them in you desired location and update the app occurring to your system folder location. 
